---
title: IRINA
description: Sound design for the performance Irina.
pubDate: "2023-06-23"
link: https://arsenic.ch/spectacle/irina/
cover: "./Irina_04.jpg"
coverAlt: "Photo from the performance Irina"
subtitle: "2021-2023 | Sound Engineer and Operator | Theatre"
imageCopyright: "© Vicky Althaus"
tags:
  - sound engineer
  - theatre
published: false
---

Sound Engineer for the documentary theatre production IRINA, supporting the original sound design by Jérémie Conne. The piece is directed by Marika Dreistadt and explores the story of Irina Bialek through a multi-layered theatrical form, blending live performance, literature, and radiophonic fiction.

"Irina, 17 years old, a young girl entrusted to France’s child welfare services since the age of one and a half, invites us to discover her story. And, through it, to take an interest in the lives of children placed in care. Irina has two passions: dance and writing. Two years ago, she began working on her first novel. It is through her perspective and her writing that this subject is explored.

Marika Dreistadt chose to bring this story to the stage because it is deeply personal to her: Marika and Irina are family. IRINA, a documentary performance, is born from the protagonist's accounts as well as conversations with her social worker, her sister, her brother, her aunt, and the entire artistic team. It is a mental and sensory experience that engages the intimate self and deep emotional zones through theatre, literature, and audio fiction."

Direction artistique: Marika Dreistadt. Conception: Marika Dreistadt, Simon Guelat, Viviane Pavillon. Mise en scène: Marika Dreistadt, Simon Guelat. Écriture: Irina Bialek. Avec Irina Bialek, Raphaël Defour, Viviane Pavillon. Scénographie: Marine Brosse assistée de Violette Bourhis.Création sonore: Jérémie Conne. Création lumière: Vicky Althaus. Création vidéo: Victor Hunziker. Son: Linus Johansson Riihimäki. Administration: Sarah Frund. Regard extérieur: Claire Deutsch.

Link: [https://arsenic.ch/spectacle/irina/](https://arsenic.ch/spectacle/irina/)
